I never grew up going to church my whole
entire life I went through a divorce and
hit rock bottom before hours of you
might as well say phony Christian four
years ago I had no relationship with God
I didn't even know what it meant to have
a relationship with God and I wasn't
trying and I've always believed in God I
just never knew how to find God my name
is Peter I'm Rick my name is Tammy I'm
Melanie my name is Jonathan I'm Ashley
we're the Molina family I'm Kim my name
is Ashley my name is Jen hi my name is
Ron my name is Erica and before
elevation I struggled assisting to God
now we talk on a daily basis now I have
a daily intimate walk with Christ I
didn't know what God's Word was now the
scripture is my life I struggled with
addictions to drugs and alcohol now I
have the opportunity to share his
forgiveness love and grace with people
who are far from him because of
elevation church I know God I'm Chris
and I'm number 220
I'm number eight thousand 683 number
seven thousand 38 5233 for six thousand
two hundred seventy-three I'm Michele
and
and I'm cancer and I'm number 2341 my
name is Erica and I'm number six behind
every statistic there is a story a story
of life change a story of restoration a
story of a second chance and your
generosity is helping every person
discover their own story thank you for
giving faithfully to help more than
eleven thousand people place their faith
in Jesus over the past five years at
elevation Church your sacrifice is
making a difference
you